docs: add thumbnail documentation (#183)
ublue-os/website: docs/thumbnails.md

> uBlue have thumbnails support ootb for video with patented codec, every desktop environment have their implementation. you can look at [ublue-main](https://github.com/ublue-os/main/blob/main/packages.json) for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Universal Blue images have thumbnail support out of the box for videos with patented codecs.  Every desktop environment have a different implementation. 

You can look at this [packages.json file](https://github.com/ublue-os/main/blob/main/packages.json) for more information.
```
